we have so much to get you starting with
an unusual happening in Washington then
for a change had nothing to do with the
president this is from the Redskins
lions game yesterday the Redskins
quarterback Dwayne Haskins got his first
NFL win but missed the final play of the
game because he was taking a selfie with
a fan they had to put in the backup
quarterback for the final snap and of
course people were very upset about this
former rights against quarterback Joe
Theismann wrote how do you miss the last
snap of a game because you're taking
selfies that's unprofessional and wrong
right unprofessional and wrong both of
those things this is the guy's 22 years
old he heard it was time for the snap he
probably thought they meant snapchat he
went elsewhere in Washington it was a
busy few days for our dear Miss Leader
on Friday Trump placed a call to Fox &
Friends and talked almost non-stop for
53 minutes straight he didn't even pause
for a chicken leg he just went on he had
a nice long chat with his friends and
then later in the day smoked a peace
pipe with perhaps his fiercest
Republican opponent we've got almost 6
million kids addicted to nicotine
because of flavors putting out cotton
candy flavored and what is a unicorn
poop flavor
this is this is kid product we have to
put the kids first
that was ranch dressing flavor he
couldn't resist it has been a tumultuous
months but the president tried hard to
change the focus today by welcoming
Conan the dog who took part in the raid
that killed the leader of Isis it strain
that if you open your mouths you will be
back and so all the sudden ease the
Khaleesi with his attack dog it's kind
of funny Trump didn't touch Conan during
the busy just kept his arms and decide
but the vice president Mike Pence is
giving them a friendly pat the whole
thing was like it was nice to see
Trump's dogs playing together it really
was treasure and presented Conan with a
medal you know what kind of medal the
president gives a dog the Medal of
Freedom never even graduated college so
today Trump hosted a dog and then
tomorrow he'll preside over the annual
pardoning of the turkeys eat rumpled
pardon two turkeys tomorrow their names
are bread and butter bread and butter
arrived in Washington DC yesterday
they're staying at a hotel the Willard
hotel near the White House when the
president finds out they didn't stay at
the Trump Hotel he might not give them
the pardons we might be about to see a
couple of turkeys get sent to Guantanamo
Bay but there they aren't on the better
is there any sadder person than the maid
who has to clean the room after turkey
sleepover so their big days tomorrow and
then the next turkey to get pardoned
will probably be Rudy Giuliani the
president's lawyer is back out there
talking to Fox News and continuing with
these vague threats of insurance in the
event that he's betrayed by his orange
friend all of these comments which are
totally insulting yeah I mean I'd say
I've seen things written like he's gonna
throw me under the bus right when they
say that I say he isn't but I have
insurance that's not the first time he
said that by the way that is insurance
against the president and of course it's
got people going online so then Giuliani
had to tweet to clarify that he was
kidding
he wrote truth alert never good when you
have to alert people you're about to
tell the truth but the statement I made
several times of having an insurance
policy if thrown under bus is sarcastic
and relates to the files in my safe
about the Biden family's four decade
monetizing of his office if I disappear
it will appear immediately along with my
Rico chart
that's a mafia reference because of
course it is and the message from Rudy
Giuliani is please do not kill me
because if you do my ghost will
embarrass you I guess I don't know all I
know is this is our presidents lawyer
this is also not a good weekend for one
of team Trump's most devoted disciples
Congress congressman Devin Nunez who you
know watching these impeachment hearings
I keep wondering why this guy who
clearly knows he's on the wrong so I
would defend the president so fiercely
well it now appears that Devin Nunez
who's the ranking Republican on the
House Intelligence Committee which is
investigating whether Trump tried to dig
up dirt on Joe Biden in Ukraine may have
flown on the taxpayers dime last year to
dig up dirt on Joe Biden in Ukraine I
don't think the word hypocrisy covers it
anymore this is the hip haka lips we're
living in right now the lawyer for one
of Giuliani's goons Lev Parnas that guy
said his client can testify that Dunas
met with a former Ukrainian prosecutor
named Victor Shokan to try to get
something on Biden which is pretty much
exactly what the president was trying to
do it this must be a touchy subject
because yesterday
Devon Nunez wouldn't even answer
questions about it on Fox News were you
in Vienna would Shokan yeah so look
Maria I really want to answer all of
these questions and I promise you
absolutely will come back on the show
and answer these questions I can't
compete by trying to trying to debate
this out with the public media when 90%
of the media are totally run so the
answer in other words is yes you did
yeah venus is now threatening to sue CNN
of The Daily Beast for reporting on this
what a snowflake what an oily little
snowflake eeeh and just to put a cherry
on top you know that the big conspiracy
theory Nunez is pushing that the
Democrats use the company called
CrowdStrike to hide a server with
Hillary's emails guess who the
Republican Congressional Campaign
Committee currently employs to handle
their cybersecurity you don't have to
guess because it's CrowdStrike that's
right
I don't we don't need the show
succession on HBO this thing is
succession The Sopranos Breaking Bad and
Borat all rolled into one
and with all this happening with all the
clock twists and all the interesting new
characters are being introduced
yesterday we got a visit from an old
favorite former White House press
secretary
Sarah Huckabee on say on court what
might be her most brazen lie yet the
idea that he can only take in one or two
bullets is absurd I've watched him
consume massive amounts of it
information processing so he doesn't
read briefings and whatever how does he
read it more than anybody I know well
you must know some really dumb people
then she doesn't like flipping through a
menu from the Cheesecake Factory doesn't
count as reading right she doesn't even
work for him anymore now she's just
lying for free Donald Trump doesn't read
and it has nothing to do with being
president of being too busy because you
remember years ago when he was asked
about his favorite authors who are your
favorite authors well I have a number of
favorite authors I think Tom Wolfe is
excellent did you read did you read
Vanity the bonfires
I did not it's a it's a phenomenal book
what book are you reading now because I
think it's so fantastic time I look to
this what's the best book you've read
beside art of the deal um I like Tom
Wilson last book and I think I think
he's a great author he's he's done a
beautiful job he's rich Brooke
he's his current book is just his
current book it's just a bonfire of the
vanities yes and the the man has done a
very very good job and I really can't
hear with his ear phone by the way now
if you excuse me I'm late for my
imaginary book club
another democrat former New York Mayor
Michael Bloomberg has officially
launched a presidential campaign
Bloomberg is spending more than 30
million dollars on TV ads which is a
small part of his 53 billion dollar
fortune Michael Bloomberg believes that
the best person to beat a fake
billionaire from New York is a real
billionaire from New York and this is
from his website he's even got a website
a new choice for Democrats just what the
Democrats need another choice it's
Democrats need another choice like
Starbucks needs another location but you
know they're serious because the
Bloomberg they already have tote bags
with Mike on them for $22.40 all the
items on his website have weird prices
there's I like Mike onesie for 2225 a
hoodie for 5095 a yard sign for nine
dollars and five cents he priced these
like he's a contestant on The Price is
Right as well and even though he's
getting into the game very late don't
underestimate Mike Bloomberg II this guy
was a popular mayor and he's got
charisma in spades he wants to know
what's my favorite pizza thin crust
very well done even burnt with pepperoni
on it
in even close I think we might need to
take Instagram away from old people it's
so Mike Bloomberg Eve's pepperonis not
kosher at all that's I mean it's gotta
get somebody's vote congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it